Story: You are inside of a space-station on the moon. You are alone in your personal station. You suddenly lost all contact.
		One Final Message reaches you, letting you know that the 'experiment' failed and you need to get out of there.
		In the attempt to create an infinite energy source by controlling and reversing Entropy, scientists created somehting referred to as 'pure chaos'.
		This ...matter affects time and space and causes anomalies (Aberrations) whereever it goes. Beacuse of the dangers, you and your colleagues
		researched on the moon, far away from the rest of humanity. You are the last remaining member of this team. In order to survive, 
		you need to escape using your escape pod before the chaos consumes you.
		
Game: The Goal of every Level is to access and use the escape pod in a certain time. When the time runs out, the player dies and everything is consumed by
		pure chaos. Dying results in restarting the level, as chronical anomalies safe your life. 'Escpaing' is also met with an anomaly reseting you back
		to the station, but into a different level, which only differs slightly in appearance, but has a totally different way to escape.
		After x Levels, you gain access to your laboratory, which lets you aquire some sort of time-stabilizer. Escaping with this device will allow you to
		finally leave the moon and return home!
		
Levels: 
	1: Explore Living quaters to find the keycard to open the pod-room and the code to launch the pod
	2: Keycard is inaccessible in the safe, but now the pc is on. The password is written on a note/bock, and on the pc you can open the door
	3: Find a note with morse code translation for escape code, listen to morse code given via speaker and search for keycard again.
	4: Frames with images reveal a directional input, which can be used to open the safe containing the key card
	5: Open door to go outside, there is a way to access the laboratory above which has a trapdoor to get back and the stabilizer + keycard.
	(... ?)

TODO:
	Probs: time stabilzer, actually design levels
	Code: menus, level timer?, screen shake pod takeoff, level transition
